Add extension to check settings (#4828)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/settings.rst

It's automatically populated with your project name when you create your
project with the :command:`startproject` command.

.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED

CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED
----------------------

Default: ``True``

> Whether to enable Check Settings.

Reviewer: We should either link back to the CheckSettings extension documentation here, or remove this altogether and add `.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED`` before the CheckSettings extension documentation header instead.

Author: I added `Scope` to settings and a new section for `CHECK_SETTINGS_IGNORED`.

It's automatically populated with your project name when you create your
project with the :command:`startproject` command.

.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED

CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED
----------------------

Default: ``True``

Whether to enable the :class:`~scrapy.extensions.checksettings.CheckSettings`
extension. Optionally a list of variables to ignore.

.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_IGNORED

CHECK_SETTINGS_IGNORED
----------------------

Default: ``[]``

> List of settings variables to ignore by Check Settings extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of settings variables to ignore by :class:`~scrapy.extensions.checksettings.CheckSettings` extension.
```

> List of settings variables to ignore by Check Settings extension.

Reviewer: Since people usually read settings documentation separately, as opposed to reading the whole documentation, I would also use ``` :class:`~scrapy.extensions.checksettings.CheckSettings` ``` here.

It's automatically populated with your project name when you create your
project with the :command:`startproject` command.

.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED

CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED
----------------------

Default: ``True``

Whether to enable Check Settings.

.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_MIN

CHECK_SETTINGS_MIN
------------------

> Default: ``70``

Reviewer: I wonder if this is worth parameterizing. No strong opinion either way, though.

Author: I wasnt sure about this, will delete it.

It's automatically populated with your project name when you create your
project with the :command:`startproject` command.

.. setting:: CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED

CHECK_SETTINGS_ENABLED
----------------------

Default: ``True``

> Scope: ``scrapy.extensions.checksettings.CheckSettings``
> 
> Whether to enable Check Settings. Optionally a list of variables to ignore

Reviewer: This is what I had in mind:

```suggestion
Whether to enable the :class:`~scrapy.extensions.checksettings.CheckSettings` extension. Optionally a list of variables to ignore
```

Author: Updated :+1:
